I'm getting four nations Antoine penny
also knows black bob i'm here with my
man Shaun you might know him as ice then
x-men movies and he's about to break it
down his whole career his whole
lifestyle we don't want to hit nothing
about you want it all yeah we just want
it all I'll give it to you about two
minutes look at that trouble oh alright
so so listen see you frozen loved it
keep up the good work have any other
future projects projects you're working
on working on the following with kevin
bacon on fox right now season two's
gonna air in january and of course x-men
days of future past it's coming out next
summer um so it's it's gonna be a good
year I'm really excited props to you
because you get to work with Kevin Bacon
yeah Kevin's great it's been a pleasure
to work with I'm lucky to the majority
my scenes are with him so yeah great guy
a great great actor to work with you'll
see ice make it tougher Maura this ah
yes I can't give anything away I know
you will get me but as there's some I
will see that there's a lot of
incredible action sequences in pink in
the West I know so we can keep talking
my wife just left so we can keep talking
ya know there's some incredible action
sequences and stuff that I was super
excited to do in Days of Future past so
I think fans are gonna get exactly what
they want out of that storyline awesome
yeah and one my favorite parts about
frozen was how smart your character was
compared to every other character only
three so that was obviously I have to
say yet I still don't survive I didn't
like that because I was like he's only
one smart enough to do the right yeah
but I didn't make it so what does that
do if you're smart be still and survive
how smart are you I'll call BS all right
all right I believe in all else my
friends with adam green you wrote and
directed it so i'll let him know ok get
some BS calling on some BS on that right
so i gotta go you gotta go because of
you all right hey whats up this is shawn
ashmore don't just be fit be gamer fit